README.md, before:

[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-24ddc0f5d75046c5622901739e7c5dd533143b0c8e959d652212380cedb1ea36.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/QT9uZhaV)
[![Open in Visual Studio Code](https://classroom.github.com/assets/open-in-vscode-718a45dd9cf7e7f842a935f5ebbe5719a5e09af4491e668f4dbf3b35d5cca122.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/online_ide?assignment_repo_id=10934320&assignment_repo_type=AssignmentRepo)

## *Description*

This is semi group project. Its function is to automise a problem that the members of the group faced on a daily basis.

## *The problem*

The primary purpose of your platform is to remind users to eat and provide them with easy-to-cook recipes.
Our thought process was to create an app or a website that sends notification to a certain email adress or a number to first remind them to eat while at the same time sending easy to cook food recipes for the type of meal they are going to eat.

## *How am i going to fix it*

I am personlising it to make it so that it only sends notifications for breakfast and supper. I also wanted mine to only be able to send recipes for only ingredients that i currernly have.

## *What it has to have*

I'll try to integrate a notification system: Develop a notification system that sends reminders to the user's email or phone number. I could use third-party APIs like Twilio to send SMS notifications or email notifications.

Choose or input ingridients needed.

## *What woul be good to have*

A recipe database: Here i can either create my recipe database or use third-party APIs like Spoonacular or Edamam. I just have to make sure to have a wide variety of recipes for different types of meals, such as breakfast, lunch, dinner, and snacks.

A good design the user interface that is easy to navigate and user-friendly. I'll try to make sure to include features like the ability to search for recipes, save favorite recipes, and set reminders for meal times.
User registation.

A user being able to save their favorite recipes.

May be include a functional search bar.

## *Language/ Built with*

Python 3.9

Markdown

Maybe some more (to be added later).

## *How it functions*

At this point in time i havn't decided that if its going to be a website or an easy to build app.

## *License*

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

## *Contact*

Zion Awino (unikhex )

- [Email] (awinozion85@gmail.com)
- [Project_link] (<https://github.com/NTI-Gymnasiet-Nacka/ett-vardagligt-problem-unikhex>)

Commit message:

added updates to md file

README.md, after:

[![Review Assignment Due Date](https://classroom.github.com/assets/deadline-readme-button-24ddc0f5d75046c5622901739e7c5dd533143b0c8e959d652212380cedb1ea36.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/a/QT9uZhaV)
[![Open in Visual Studio Code](https://classroom.github.com/assets/open-in-vscode-718a45dd9cf7e7f842a935f5ebbe5719a5e09af4491e668f4dbf3b35d5cca122.svg)](https://classroom.github.com/online_ide?assignment_repo_id=10934320&assignment_repo_type=AssignmentRepo)

## *Description*

This is semi group project. Its function is to automise a problem that the members of the group faced on a daily basis.

## *The problem*

The primary purpose of your platform is to remind users to eat and provide them with easy-to-cook recipes.
Our thought process was to create an app or a website that sends notification to a certain email adress or a number to first remind them to eat while at the same time sending easy to cook food recipes for the type of meal they are going to eat.

## *How am i going to fix it*

I am personlising it to make it so that it only sends notifications for breakfast and supper. I also wanted mine to only be able to send recipes for only ingredients that i currernly have.

## *What it has to have*

I'll try to integrate a notification system: Develop a notification system that sends reminders to the user's email or phone number. I could use third-party APIs like Twilio to send SMS notifications or email notifications.

Choose or input ingridients needed.

## *What woul be good to have*

A recipe database: Here i can either create my recipe database or use third-party APIs like Spoonacular or Edamam. I just have to make sure to have a wide variety of recipes for different types of meals, such as breakfast, lunch, dinner, and snacks.

A good design the user interface that is easy to navigate and user-friendly. I'll try to make sure to include features like the ability to search for recipes, save favorite recipes, and set reminders for meal times.
User registation.

A user being able to save their favorite recipes.

May be include a functional search bar.

## *Language/ Built with*

Python 3.9

Markdown

Maybe some more (to be added later).

## *How it functions*

At this point in time i havn't decided that if its going to be a website or an easy to build app.

## *Updates*

The prptype for the app has benn generated. I will need to fix all the addresses the notifaication is coming from and to where it is headed. At the same time clarify in what intervals this updates should be happening.

In the future updates i will ask my colleagues for suitable API's for this project.

## *License*

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

## *Contact*

Zion Awino (unikhex )

- [Email] (awinozion85@gmail.com)
- [Project_link] (<https://github.com/NTI-Gymnasiet-Nacka/ett-vardagligt-problem-unikhex>)
